Saha and Shubman Gill are at the crease. Saha is on strike. Umesh Yadav will open the attack
The players and the umpires make their way out to the middle. It's a hot day in Ahmedabad. Gill and Saha will be eyeing to take GT off to a good start. Umesh Yadav to start off the proceedings with the new ball. A slip in place. Here we go..
Shubman Gill:
It is all about spending as much time in the middle as you can. It is more about having that intent to keep looking for the runs. More mental than technical. The game doesn't change even when you switch formats. All about fine-tuning your mind and getting a bit of practice under your belt. Understanding your role is also important, it is more about the situation you are in. Will depend on that. (On his plans for spinners like Sunil Narine) Don't think you can go in with a set mindset especially against one of the best spinners in the world. The strength of the side is that everyone contributes. It is just about doing the simple things and being consistent. You won't see one player doing all the work throughout the season. Each player contributes something.
Kolkata Knight Riders Subs:
Anukul Roy, Vaibhav Arora, David Wiese, Mandeep Singh, Venkatesh Iyer
Gujarat Titans Subs:
Jayant Yadav, Srikar Bharat, Mohit Sharma, Matthew Wade, Joshua Little
Cricbuzz Live Hindi: Match 13, Gujarat v Kolkata, Pre-match show
Cricbuzz Video
×
Tweet
Share
Copy URL
Video URL copied to clipboard
Tweet
Share
Copy URL
Video URL copied to clipboard
Teams:
Kolkata Knight Riders
(Playing XI): Rahmanullah Gurbaz(w), N Jagadeesan, Nitish Rana(c), Rinku Singh, Andre Russell, Sunil Narine, Shardul Thakur, Suyash Sharma, Lockie Ferguson, Umesh Yadav, Varun Chakaravarthy
Gujarat Titans
(Playing XI): Wriddhiman Saha(w), Shubman Gill, Sai Sudharsan, Vijay Shankar, David Miller, Rahul Tewatia, Abhinav Manohar, Rashid Khan(c), Mohammed Shami, Alzarri Joseph, Yash Dayal
Nitish Rana | KKR captain:
We wanted to bat first as well because of the weather and conditions. I felt defending might be easier. We had in our minds that batting first would be the way to go so that our spinners can make use of the surface in the second half but it's okay. We have two changes.
Lockie Ferguson
comes in for Tim Southee and Mandeep Singh makes way for
Jagadeesan.
Rashid Khan | GT stand-in captain:
We would like to bat first, looks like a fresh wicket, hopefully we can put up a good total and defend it. (On Hardik Pandya not playing today) Just unwell slightly, don't want to take risks with him. As a team we will try to play good cricket. We would like to bat well and put runs on the board. Just one change,
Vijay Shankar
is in for Hardik.
Gujarat Titans have won the toss and have opted to bat
Sunil Narine:
The good thing about it was it was total team effort, the batters did well, the bowlers did well and hopefully we can carry the momentum in this game. (On Nitish Rana) I think we have some words bouncing off each other and he is a open captain so that is a great thing for him. (On adapting to bowling in modern-day cricket) Batters are playing shots which you didn’t even think about. So, you have to adapt, have to come up with different things, see what works, and see what doesn’t work and take it from there. I have basic plans and see wherever the game is going and which batter is doing what. Trying to simplify as much as possible to keep it on the easier side. It's all on the first over, watching from the first innings what is happening and then have a mindset. They are great opponents, they have won two games but if we are going to give a good showing, we will have an exciting game.
It is a fresh pitch that is being used. On my right, it is 65m, on my left, 62m. Straight down the ground is 73m. In the one game that was played here, the spinners ruled the roost. Their economy rate was better. Rashid Khan, Mitchell Santner, and Ravindra Jadeja created some problems for the batters. This one though looks like a beautiful batting wicket. There is no patchy grass on this wicket. Spinners might have a bit of role to play but the quicks have a terrific opportunity as the pitch has a shine to it and even grass but it is a batting surface, reckon Matthew Hayden and Rohan Gavaskar in their
pitch report.
What has worked for KKR?
Gurbaz’s form at the top and with Roy available for KKR, it can definitely be a boon that doesn’t lead to any further experimentations with the opening combination. Thakur’s heroics with the bat last game. The spin twins, Narine and Chakaravarthy, have found another bright star in Suyash Sharma. However, only certain individuals have shone and that is a concern.
What has worked for GT?
Their top-order trio of Gill, Saha, and Sudharsan has been solid! Miller is in cracking form. Their pace trio of Shami, Joseph, and Little is a force to reckon with and Rashid is on song too. The only chink in the armour perhaps is Hardik's form, especially with the bat but he has impressive numbers with the bat against KKR.
KKR, on the other hand, begun their campaign away from home with a loss in a rain-affected game against Punjab. However, they stood tall in their next game against RCB at Eden Gardens and stormed to a massive victory. The fact that Shardul Thakul pulled them out with the bat from a precarious situation shows the depth they possess. Consistency is what has eluded them in the past as well and that’s a big area to work upon. Can the Knights stop the march of the Titans? Or will the Titans make it a hat-trick of victories? Stick around as toss and team lineups are around the corner..
14:15 Local Time, 08:45 GMT, 14:15 IST:
The defending champions, Gujarat Titans, host KKR for the first time today this season at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad. The 16th edition of IPL kicked off in style at this venue itself, with the home side notching up a fine victory against CSK in front of a jam-packed crowd. After that, GT travelled to Delhi and registered a clinical victory against the hosts  another prime example that they have all their bases covered. GT have only faced KKR only once before today and that was last year, with the Titans winning a tight contest.
Fantasy Handbook: Gujarat v Kolkata, Match 13
Tweet
Share
Copy URL
Video URL copied to clipboard
Preview
They have the arsenal to strike in the PowerPlay, the personnel to choke and hustle through the middle-overs and a batting line-up that has 10 successful chases out of 11. On Sunday afternoon, as Hardik Pandya and Co begin the next lap through their crazy, HAHA (Home-Away) fixture list, they will look to replicate what they did last year during their title-winning run: start the season with three straight wins. With the prodigious Sai Sudarshan seamlessly filling in the Kane Williamson void, the champions look as formidable as ever as they look to make another deep run in this tournament.
On the other hand, the Knight Riders have been in troubleshooting mode, exacerbated by the season-ending injury to regular captain Shreyas Iyer and the withdrawal of Shakib Al Hasan. But amid the chaos came a backs-to-the-wall performance against the Royal Challengers Bangalore two nights ago, one in which Shardul Thakur engineered a comeback with a blistering half-century before passing on the baton to Sunil Narine and Varun Chakravarthy to get the team on the board.
There are still problems in the team, most notably at the top of the order, where KKR have gone through eight different opening combinations in the last 16 games. Several batters are in search of confidence and runs but coach Chandrakant Pandit will know that at 89/5 in the last game, things could have been so much worse. And so onwards to Ahmedabad for them and hopefully upwards too.
When:
Gujarat Titans vs Kolkata Knight Riders, IPL 2023, April 9, 15:30 IST
Where:
Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad
What to expect:
The mercury is expected to hit 40 degree Celsius this week in Ahmedabad and an afternoon game will test the sides. Teams will stick to the trusted doctrine of chasing but there will be respite for the batting team, most specifically from the harsh afternoon sun.
Head to Head:
GT 1-0 KKR. The Titans prevailed in the only game they played against KKR last season, surviving an all-round effort from Andre Russell to sneak home in the final over at the DY Patil Stadium.
Teams Watch:
Gujarat Titans
Tactics & Matchups
Venkatesh Iyer was favoured ahead of Gill for retention by KKR but since then the journey for the two players have gone in opposite directions and not in the way KKR would have wanted it to pan out.
Now, KKR have a top-order problem and in Mohammed Shami, the Titans have one of the best PowerPlay strike bowlers in the league to exploit it. In fact, since 2020, Shami's tally of 25 wickets in the first-six overs is second only to that of Trent Boult (33).
Probable XI:
Shubman Gill, Wriddhiman Saha (wk), Sai Sudarshan, Hardik Pandya (c), David Miller, Rahul Tewatia, Rashid Khan, Alzarri Joseph, Mohammed Shami, Joshua Little, Yash Dayal
Kolkata Knight Riders
Mandeep Singh has had scores of 2 and 0 in the two games this season and while another opportunity could be granted, KKR have in their ranks have N Jagadeesan who is coming off a good domestic season.
Tactics & Matchups
Varun Chakravarthy is among the few bowlers in the KKR setup to have managed to keep Hardik Pandya quiet (21 runs off 21 balls) in the IPL and given his good start to the season, is a likely match-up option when the Titans skipper walks out to bat.
Probable XI:
Venkatesh Iyer, Rahmanullah Gurbaz (wk), Mandeep Singh/N Jagadeesan, Nitish Rana (c), Rinku Singh, Andre Russell, Shardul Thakur, Sunil Narine, Tim Southee, Umesh Yadav, Varun Chakravarthy
Did you know?
- Hardik Pandya has scored 366 runs at an average of 61 and SR of 173.46 against KKR. This includes his highest score (91) in the IPL
- Sunil Narine (155) and Rashid Khan (117) are the two most successful overseas spinners in IPL and the only ones with 100+ wickets.
What they said:
"KKR are a strong team with some really good mystery bowlers. And we're well aware of what they've got and in terms of preparation we've been doing everything we can in the last day or two to counter that," -
David Miller
knows what challenges the opponents bring.
Squads:
Gujarat Titans
Squad: Wriddhiman Saha(w), Shubman Gill, Sai Sudharsan, Hardik Pandya(c), David Miller, Rahul Tewatia, Rashid Khan, Mohammed Shami, Alzarri Joseph, Joshua Little, Yash Dayal, Ravisrinivasan Sai Kishore, Jayant Yadav, Vijay Shankar, Abhinav Manohar, Srikar Bharat, Mohit Sharma, Pradeep Sangwan, Matthew Wade, Odean Smith, Shivam Mavi, Darshan Nalkande, Urvil Patel
Kolkata Knight Riders
Squad: Mandeep Singh, Rahmanullah Gurbaz(w), Venkatesh Iyer, Nitish Rana(c), Rinku Singh, Andre Russell, Sunil Narine, Shardul Thakur, Tim Southee, Umesh Yadav, Varun Chakaravarthy, Suyash Sharma, Anukul Roy, Vaibhav Arora, N Jagadeesan, Jason Roy, David Wiese, Lockie Ferguson, Kulwant Khejroliya, Harshit Rana
