Gaikwad and Conway are at the crease. Gaikwad is on strike. Siraj will open the attack
Royal Challengers Bangalore Subs:
Suyash Prabhudessai, David WIlley, Akash Deep, Karn Sharma, Anuj Rawat
Chennai Super Kings Subs:
Akash Singh, Dwaine Pretorius, Subhanshu Senapati, Shaik Rasheed, RS Hangargekar
Conway and Ruturaj stride out to the middle. The RCB players hare out to the field as well. We can't wait for the action to get started...Just seconds away now!
Cricbuzz Live Hindi: Match 24, Bangalore v Chennai, Pre-match show
Cricbuzz Video
×
Tweet
Share
Copy URL
Video URL copied to clipboard
Tweet
Share
Copy URL
Video URL copied to clipboard
Teams:
Chennai Super Kings
(Playing XI): Devon Conway, Ruturaj Gaikwad, Ajinkya Rahane, Moeen Ali, Ambati Rayudu, Shivam Dube, Ravindra Jadeja, MS Dhoni(w/c), Matheesha Pathirana, Tushar Deshpande, Maheesh Theekshana
Royal Challengers Bangalore
(Playing XI): Virat Kohli, Faf du Plessis(c), Mahipal Lomror, Glenn Maxwell, Shahbaz Ahmed, Dinesh Karthik(w), Harshal Patel, Wanindu Hasaranga, Wayne Parnell, Vijaykumar Vyshak, Mohammed Siraj
MS Dhoni:
The toss does matter because this is a venue where it is difficult to contain batters in the second innings. And not to forget dew. I think what's important is not looking ahead, maybe 180-200 is a par score but we need to keep re-evaluating every 3-4 overs on where we stand and what would be a good total to get to. That is a better way to approach, rather than keeping a total in mind. One change -
Magala is injured and Pathirana comes in.
The good think is all the players who have come in to replace guys have performed well. But these injuries haven't been ideal, but that's what happens because the IPL comes at the end of the cricket season.
Faf du Plessis:
Incredible noise!! We will bowl first. I think the nature of pitches will turn, but 180-200 will be a nice target to change. It is quite a small ground and the ball travels, the surface is good and a little bit of dew could help. No changes in our starting XI but got some tricks up our sleeve for the impact player.
Royal Challengers Bangalore have won the toss and have opted to field
Rahul Kelkar
: "It's southern derby! What else do we want on a Monday evening? Expecting another thriller of a match. Think Maxwell will be the game changer due to left-heavy line up of CSK!"
Matheesha Pathirana
is marking his run-up. What do you reckon about that, CSK fans?
Wayne Parnell:
(What he missed most about the IPL) The atmosphere here in India, being here, people being crazy about cricket, just seeing games sold out. This year's IPL ... games going down to the wire every single game is really awesome. The mantra for myself is to always look to contribute and think like a leader. Doing that in the SA20 was really special. Coming here back into the IPL after such a long time is really good, really fun as well. I'm just trying to contribute every single day, trying to get better. I think MS Dhoni just walked out now, you can hear the massive noise. Just trying to really have fun. It's about trying to block out the noise, which will be really difficult. Chinnaswamy is such an amazing stadium, the noise moves around the stadium which is really awesome. It's sold out, so everyone's looking forward to it.
Pitch Report:
A cool Bengaluru evening, quips
Pommie Mbangwa.
But it won't be too soothing for the bowlers because this ground is known for sixes - one six every 12 balls. That's because the leg side boundary is just 60m and the other side isn't much further at 66m. The longest hit is straight down the ground at 71m. The pitch looks very good, there is a 20 run difference between the day games and the night games. DC got knocked over under 150 but that is not relevant because this is night time and there is huge potential to get big runs today. The only concern as a batter is that the middle areas of the pitch look very dry, and it is extremely hard. From the other end though it looks like a batting paradise. How much is enough? 212 wasn't enough that day and today also it is a batting paradise, suggests
Matthew Hayden.
Josh Hazlewood
however not engaging in any physically intensive warm-ups. His integration into the side could still take time.
Some potentially good news for CSK fans -
Ben Stokes'
left knee is in a brace but he's been bowling on the practice pitches. Even if he is not fully ready to participate today, the return isn't too far away.
Our reporter
Kaushik
pings saying the roads leading to Chinnaswamy have been blocked since 5:30, and that's not your standard Bangalore traffic for a change because plenty of red and yellow shirts in the traffic jam with 18 and 7 on their backs
CSK suffered a rare home defeat against Rajasthan Royals in their previous game, but more than that result it will be the growing injury list that will concern the franchise. Sisanda Magala the latest to join Deepak Chahar and Ben Stokes on the sidelines. For CSK, it has been a case of either Devon Conway or Ruturaj firing, seldom have they fired together this year. And perhaps a bit more from Shivam Dube and Ambati Rayudu could be helpful. Chinnaswamy is a small ground and the wicket is generally flat, so expect the ball to keep flying around today. Stick around for the toss and team news…
In terms of form, the home side have blown hot, blown cold this season. They thumped MI in their first game, but then were pummeled by KKR. They couldn't defend 212 against LSG, but then their bowlers won them a game against Delhi Capitals. So a mixed bag in terms of performances for RCB, but the good news is their main man Virat Kohli seems to be hitting form, and Faf Du Plessis and Maxwell have provided good support. On the bowling front, Siraj has stepped up this year, and if the expensive duo of Harshal and Hasaranga can enter the party, this team would check most bases.
18:17 Local Time, 12:47 GMT, 18:17 IST:
Less than 48 hours after the final ball was bowled on Saturday, we are back at the Chinnaswamy Stadium for another clash. Today it is RCB against CSK, potentially the last time Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni share a field at this venue, so expect the roof to come off the place tonight. This is the clash that got the whole city excited, and even the traveling bunch would be pumped, with fans flocking to the stadium more than two hours in advance.
Fantasy Handbook: Bangalore v Chennai, Match 24
Tweet
Share
Copy URL
Video URL copied to clipboard
Preview
by
Kaushik Rangarajan
Less than an hour after the final ball was bowled on a cheery Saturday evening at the Chinnaswamy Stadium, the glow of victory had already given way to the next thing. Scores of supporters queued up on Queens Road seeking tickets for Monday night's blockbuster.
By Thursday evening, the messaging from the Royal Challengers Bangalore management, at the venue and on social media, was that the game against Chennai Super Kings was sold out. And still supporters from as far away as Belagavi, Hubli and from Dharmapuri on the other side of the state border held out hope, forcing willing passerbys into conversation in the hope of receiving some intel. This frenzy had been foreseen and tickets priced differentially higher to the other games here. Even so, on the black market, there are takers willing to spend six times the face value of an already-inflated price for a ticket.
All of this to be a part of a heaving melange of red and yellow and witness Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni share a cricket field together. These two sides have played 30 times but the 31st is heightened by the possibility of it being this pair's last meeting as two active cricketers. There is no return leg at Chepauk and certainly no guarantee of both sides qualifying to the Playoffs. This potential last dance, of course, is an assumption. Dhoni has 'definitely not' confirmed any rumours of this being a farewell season but his persistent knee trouble and those wild, final-over finishes have brought a valedictory feel to every CSK game.
All of this narrative building, the socio-political and cultural context to an IPL game is on the outside. Inside, Kohli, Dhoni and their teams inhabit a world dominated by the jargon of 'good areas' and 'processes', one of more theory and lesser drama. Several column inches have been dedicated in the past as to how different these two are and how their teams have been an extension of their personality. But they've found common ground over the years in their ability to pace themselves, to harness their physical and emotional resources, to pare and slice away anything extraneous until only what is most essential remains. And so, at stake tomorrow are two points, the exact same number available in any other league game. They will take one of these two sides a little away from the early season mid-table funk.
When:
Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Chennai Super Kings, IPL 2023, April 17, 19:30 IST
Where:
M. Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru
What to expect:
It's a night game and therefore the result of the RCB-DC game here from two days ago shouldn't have much bearing. More so considering the game will be played on a new surface on the right edge of the square. Toss-winning captain will continue to back his side to chase down any total here.
Head to Head:
RCB 10 - 19 CSK. While RCB won the last encounter between the sides, four of the last five clashes have gone CSK's way.
Team Watch:
Royal Challengers Bangalore
RCB's Indian middle-order that is missing Rajat Patidar have managed a best score of 26 (Lomror) in the four games so far and that adds to the pressure on their 'Big 3' and also forced them into a panic Impact Substitute move in the last game, of getting Anuj Rawat in when they would have otherwise beefed up their bowling ahead of a target defence. Thankfully for them, however, even with that change they have enough of a bowling depth to go around.
Tactics & Matchups:
RCB have been the best bowling side (CSK are the worst) in the PowerPlays this season with Mohammed Siraj in particular conceding at just 4.7RPO and taking three wickets across 10 PowerPlay overs. He has never dismissed Ruturaj Gaikwad over 36 balls in the IPL but with both men in equally good form, the winner of their battle could set up how the rest of the game develops.
Probable XI:
Virat Kohli, Faf du Plessis (c), Mahipal Lomror, Glenn Maxwell, Shahbaz Ahmed, Dinesh Karthik (wk), Wanindu Hasaranga, Harshal Patel, Wayne Parnell, Mohammed Siraj, Vyshak Vijaykumar
Chennai Super Kings
CSK will have at least one enforced change from their last game with Sisanda Magala out with a split webbing. Both Dwaine Pretorius and Matheesha Pathirana bowled in the nets on the eve of the game with the latter having just recovered from a bout of Covid.
Tactics & Matchups:
Ravindra Jadeja will be a big match-up factor against both Kohli and Maxwell. Jadeja has dismissed the latter six times in 40 balls in the IPL. He has dismissed Kohli thrice and conceded at only 106.87 to the former RCB captain. In fact, the game could be decided in the middle overs. CSK have the best record here in IPL 2023, their spinners having taken 12 wickets while going at just 6.85 in this phase. Even historically, this has been a strong point of Dhoni's team in these clashes. For example, since 2018, their spinners have taken 36 RCB wickets at an economy of 6.42. As if to encapsulate this factor, RCB have lost 14 wickets to spin this season, behind only laggards Delhi Capitals in this metric.
Probable XI:
Ruturaj Gaikwad, Devon Conway, Ajinkya Rahane, Moeen Ali, Ambati Rayudu/Akash Singh, Shivam Dube, Ravindra Jadeja, MS Dhoni (c&wk), Dwaine Pretorius/Matheesh Pathirana, Maheesh Theekshana, Tushar Deshpande
Did you know?
- MS Dhoni averages 92.60 and has a strike-rate of 180.86 in 10 innings at the Chinnaswamy Stadium
- Virat Kohli is yet to be dismissed by a seamer in IPL 2023
- Ajinkya Rahane has a particularly good IPL record in Bengaluru. He once hit six fours in an over off Sreenath Arvind in a knock of 103 back in 2012.
What they said:
"It feels really good talking to Mohammed Siraj. He's an amazing bowler, he's the No.1 ODI bowler and he's been doing well for RCB for quite a long time. He just told me, first game there'll be nerves, 'so you don't worry about that. Believe in yourself and do whatever you've been doing all this while. And just enjoy yourself.' Every time he came and spoke to me , he said the same thing: 'Enjoy yourself and execute whatever you want to do.," -
Vyshak Vijaykumar
had Mohammed Siraj in his ears through the entirety of his debut game against Delhi Capitals.
"We've had some classic contests with them in the past, whether in Chennai or here in Bangalore. So we are expecting nothing different. The main message to the players is to enjoy it because you don't get a chance to play in these sort of environments too often, so really try and execute your skills as well as you can but really enjoy the experience because it's a fantastic occasion to be a part of." -
Michael Hussey
, on the RCB-CSK contest.
Squads:
Royal Challengers Bangalore
Squad: Virat Kohli, Faf du Plessis(c), Mahipal Lomror, Glenn Maxwell, Shahbaz Ahmed, Dinesh Karthik(w), Wanindu Hasaranga, Harshal Patel, Wayne Parnell, Vijaykumar Vyshak, Mohammed Siraj, Anuj Rawat, David Willey, Akash Deep, Karn Sharma, Suyash Prabhudessai, Manoj Bhandage, Michael Bracewell, Finn Allen, Siddarth Kaul, Sonu Yadav, Rajan Kumar, Avinash Singh, Himanshu Sharma
Chennai Super Kings
Squad: Devon Conway, Ruturaj Gaikwad, Ajinkya Rahane, Moeen Ali, Shivam Dube, Ravindra Jadeja, MS Dhoni(w/c), Sisanda Magala, Maheesh Theekshana, Tushar Deshpande, Akash Singh, Ambati Rayudu, Mitchell Santner, Shaik Rasheed, Subhranshu Senapati, RS Hangargekar, Dwaine Pretorius, Ben Stokes, Ajay Jadav Mandal, Prashant Solanki, Simarjeet Singh, Matheesha Pathirana, Deepak Chahar, Bhagath Varma, Nishant Sindhu